Fix ignored entity pivot (#294)
Trouv/bevy_ecs_ldtk: book/src/how-to-guides/migration-guides/migrate-from-0.8-to-0.9.md

);
# }
```

## Entity translations now respect pivot

> Entities now spawn with a translation matching their pivot, rather than their center point.

Reviewer: I think implying that the new translation is their "actual position" whereas the old behavior is their "visual center" would be a little more clear
```suggestion
Entities now spawn with a translation matching their actual location, rather than their "visual center".
```

```rust,ignore
// How do I demonstrate that positions differ between old and new?
// Must define pivot first.
// Demonstrate loading an entity in 0.8, assert the position.
// Then, do the same in 0.9, demonstrating that it's not the same.

> ```

Author: Screenshots! That's perfect. Clearer than any text example I can think of....

Where should I store the actual image? Should I put it in `/repo/` with the readme image, or should it go next to the migration guides? Possibly in its own folder?

> ```

Reviewer: Yeah put it in a new directory next to the migration guides. Check out how it's done for the "tile based game" tutorial: https://github.com/Trouv/bevy_ecs_ldtk/blob/main/book/src/tutorials/tile-based-game/create-your-ldtk-project.md

there's an `images` directory there and the markdown is pointing to it w/ a title and relative path like:
```
![world-layout](images/world-layout.png)
```

> ```

Author: Sweet, thanks. Should've known there was a better example to check!

> The entities' sprites calculate their `Anchor` from the pivot, so they should appear the same,

Reviewer: This is good but it should qualify this w/ the fact that this is only for sprite sheet bundles generated w/ the `#[sprite_sheet_bundle(...)]` attribute of `LdtkEntity`. Something like...
```suggestion
For `LdtkEntity` bundles with a `#[sprite_sheet_bundle(...)]`,  the macro calculates the sprite's `Anchor` from the pivot, so they should appear the same,
```

but some gameplay logic will need to be updated. The quickest way to update is using the
`utils::entity_center` function:
```rust,ignore
//0.8
fn do_something_with_transform (
	mut query: Query<&mut Transform, With<EntityInstance>>
) {
	for (instance, mut transform) in &mut query {
		let center = transform.translation();

		//do something with the center
	}
}
```
```rust,ignore
//0.9
fn do_something_with_transform (
	mut query: Query<(&EntityInstance, &mut Transform)>
) {
	for (instance, mut transform) in &mut query {
		let object_center = crate::utils::entity_center(
			transform.translation(),
			IVec2::new(entity.width, entity.height),
			entity.pivot
		);

		//do something with the center
	}
}

> ```

Reviewer: Yeah it's hard to say what the best transition strategy is. I think for things like rapier colliders. most users should probably make the collider a "child" of their entity rather than the main entity. Or, if they don't want to deal with that, they could make the entity's pivot center.

This goes for the platformer example as well.. but it's a big change so I completely understand if you're not interested in doing all that work. Don't worry, wherever you feel like leaving off on this PR I can pick it up (thanks for making it maintainer-editable)
